Changelog for the YoastCS 2.1.0 release (#230)
Yoast/yoastcs: CHANGELOG.md

This project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) and [Keep a CHANGELOG](https://keepachangelog.com/).

### [2.1.0] - 2020-10-27

#### Added
* PHPCS: A new check to the `Yoast.Files.TestDoubles` sniff to verify that all double/mock classes have either `Double` or `Mock` in the class name.

> * PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.NamespaceName` sniff to see the break down of number of levels used in namespace names across a code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.NamespaceName` sniff to see the breakdown of the number of levels used in namespace names across a code base.
```

    To see the metrics, run PHPCS with the `--report=info` option.

> * PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.ObjectNameDepth` sniff to see the break down of number of words used in object names across a code base.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.ObjectNameDepth` sniff to see the breakdown of the number of words used in object names across a code base.
```

    To see the metrics, run PHPCS with the `--report=info` option.

> * PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.ValidHookName` sniff to see the break down of number of words used in hook names across a code base, as well as a break down of old-style versus new-style hook name usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PHPCS: Metrics to the `Yoast.NamingConventions.ValidHookName` sniff to see the breakdown of the number of words used in hook names across a code base, as well as a break down of old-style versus new-style hook name usage.
```
